Feature/add union schema (#16)
fivetran/dbt_youtube_analytics_source: CHANGELOG.md

# dbt_youtube_analytics_source v0.5.0

> 

Reviewer: Let's also add the PR reference for these changes

## Feature Updates
- Introduced the ability to union multiple schemas or databases. For more information on how to leverage this feature, refer to the [README](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_youtube_analytics_source/blob/main/README.md#unioning-multiple-youtube-analytics-connections).

## Breaking Changes:
- Following the unioning functionality, we have added a new field `source_relation` which identifies the source of each record.

## Documentation
- Corrected references to connectors and connections in the README. ([#15](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_youtube_analytics_source/pull/15))

## Under the Hood

> - Updated the source table references in order to execute the union macro successfully.

Reviewer: I would actually specify this as a breaking change. Let's also callout what these changes were exactly (eg. `channel_basic` -> `channel_basic_a_2`).

Author: updated

# dbt_youtube_analytics_source v0.5.0
[PR #16](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_youtube_analytics_source/pull/16) includes the following updates:

## Feature Updates
- Introduced the ability to union multiple schemas or databases. For more information on how to leverage this feature, refer to the [README](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_youtube_analytics_source/blob/main/README.md#unioning-multiple-youtube-analytics-connections).

## Breaking Changes:

> - Following the unioning functionality, we have added a new field `source_relation` which identifies the source of each record.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Following the unioning functionality, we have added a new field `source_relation` to every model. This identifies the source of each record.
```

> - Updated the source table references in order to execute the union macro successfully.
>   - The `channel_basic` reference has been changed to `channel_basic_a_2`
>   - The `channel_demographics` reference has been changed to `channel_demographics_a_1`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Updated the `source.name` for the following tables in order to execute the union macro successfully. The source `names` are now aligned with their `identifiers` as they appear in the warehouse, rather than shortening the table names.
  - The source node for the `channel_basic_a_2` table has been updated from `channel_basic` to `channel_basic_a_2`. If you are directly referencing this source, update your references to `{{ source('youtube_analytics', 'channel_basic_a_2') }}`.
  - The source node for the `channel_demographics_a_1` table has been updated from `channel_demographics` to `channel_demographics_a_1`. If you are directly referencing this source, update your references to `{{ source('youtube_analytics', 'channel_demographics_a_1') }}`.
```

Author: Ohh, this is really good! Thanks Jamie!
